Feature/update intros (#87)
rl-institut/open_plan: docs/index.rst

   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

open_plan Documentation
#######################

> .. image:: /logos/open_plan_logo.png

Reviewer: This is only a query.. We do not have a logo yet right?

Reviewer 2: We do have a logo: 
\\fs01\RL-Institut\04_Projekte\299_open_plan\05-OeA\Logo

Author: Added in 38ecbd1fec3213aef9a809ed47feb5bf2f2e1219, I had forgotten to commit it :)

   :scale: 10%
   :align: right

> open_plan is a Python-based, open-source energy-system modeling tool targeted at simulating energy cells or mini-grids.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
open_plan is a Python-based, open-source energy-system modeling tool targeted at simulating energy cells e.g. energy systems for industry parks and districts, or mini-grids.
```

> It uses the framework `oemof <https://oemof.org/>`_ to describe and solve the energy system and will provide a user-friendly web-based interface to intereact with the python. Enabling users **without python or programming knowledge** to use the tool and simulate energy systems.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
It uses the `oemof <https://oemof.org/>`_ framework to describe and optimize the energy system and will provide a user-friendly web-based interface to intereact with python. This will enable users **without python or programming knowledge** to use the tool and simulate energy systems.
```
